Object Oriented Programming Review From Textbook

1. Object represents something physical in real world such as a desk, a book, and a circle.
2. State of an object is represented by data fields. Circle has a RADIUS, and a WIDTH and a HEIGHT.
3. Behavior of an object is defined by methods. For a circle you can getArea() or setRadius().
4. Objects are defined by using a class. A class is a template, a blueprint that
   defines what an objects data fields and behavior will be.
5. An object is an instance of a class.
6. A class provides methods of a special type, known as constructors, which are
   invoked to create a new object.
7. A constructor can perform any action, but constructors are designed to
   perform initializing actions, such as initializing the data fields of objects
8. Constructors don't have a return type. NOTHING, not even void.
9. Date.getTime() is milliseconds since January 1st 1970, and Date.toString() is current date.
10. For Point2D, you can find distance between two points by doing p1.distance(p2).
11. Use a class variable to share a value with objects
12. Constants in a class are shared by all objects in a class.
13. Private makes things only accessible in the same class.
14. If a class is not defined as public or private (or protected) it is automatically
    accessible only within the same package.
15. Public can be accessed from any other class.
16. Data field encapsulation is when you make data fields private so they can't 
    be tampered with and don't cause bus or a giant fix to all programs that use the class.
17. Immutable class needs all data fields to be private, no public setters, no setters for data fields.
18. The scope of instance and static variables is the entire class, regardless of where the
variables are declared.
19. The keyword this refers to the object itself. It can also be used inside a constructor to
invoke another constructor of the same class.
20. The this keyword can be used to invoke another constructor of the same class.